24-year-old Mihir Shah is the son of Shiv Sena's Palghar
deputy leader Rajesh Shah.
He hit a woman and
dragged her under his speeding BMW car.
After this Mihir absconded. ISA News had
released this video. If you have not
seen it, then watch it.  Click here Now there
is an update Police told
what actually happened Before I tell you,
Mihir had
driven by Global Tapas Bar The
bar owner claimed that Mihir had
come to him
and only had food at the bar  And drank Red Bull.
Mihir is seen in the bar in CCTV footage
but it is not confirmed whether
he drank alcohol or not. Investigation is going on.
Mihir could not be traced because he had
switched off his phone. Police is trying to trace him.  They
were trying because they
wanted to arrest him. The police tracked down Mihir's
last
location to Borivali. The
police came to know that Mihir had
gone to his girlfriend's house in Borivali.
During the investigation, they came to know that the
girlfriend had killed
Mihir's mother and two sisters.
All three went to his house and later fled with Mihir
in an Audi car to a resort in Shahpur.
Two of Mihir's friends also stayed with him at the resort for
further investigation.  During this time the police
identified one of the two friends.
They tried to track his phone
but like the others, his
phone was also switched off. The police were wondering
how to track him as they were sure
that Mihir was the identified friend.  The
identified friend had switched on his phone for 15 minutes.
Police immediately tracked the mobile
location to Virar.
Police immediately reached there,
searched the surrounding areas, found Mihir and his friends
and arrested them
late on 9 July 2024.  At night, the police
finally arrested Mihir, his two friends, his mother
and two sisters.
All of them were interrogated. The surprising
thing is that at the time of arrest,
Mihir's hair was cut and he had
shaved his beard. Initially, the reason was given to the police.  Did
not
understand, police interrogated him. In further update, the
Enforcement Department has sealed Juhu's Bal Tapas Bar on 9th July 2024.
Next day on 10th July 2024, BMC
raided the bar and found that the bar has about
3500 square feet.  The area has been encroached upon, the
illegally constructed area has been demolished
and the bar will be sealed until the matter is resolved
and the excise department reopens it.
Surprisingly, Mihir confesses that
he was driving the car at the time of the accident.
He also said that he knew that
Kaveri was trapped under the car
and the vehicles passing by
gave him signal but he ignored them
and out of fear kept driving for one and a half kilometers.
Then Mihir asked his
driver about the car.  She changed seats with him and
asked him to take responsibility for the accident.
He confessed that he was responsible for the accident
and not his driver. He
said that when he removed Kaveri from under the car,
he ran over her
and ran away.  Car broke down in BKC He
also said that he had gone to his girlfriend
's house in Borivali by rickshaw
He has a driving license but the
police did not
find it They will try to retrieve it from the RTO records
Mihir is afraid of getting caught  Kaveri was
trapped under the car and kept on walking. Finally, Mihir has been
arrested. On
11th July 2024 at 7 am, the police
produced Mihir in Dadar Court and sought his custody for further
questioning.
Mihir cut his hair short and
beard.  Had tried to mislead the police by getting cut.
Police said that Mihir had avoided
answering questions about drinking alcohol on the night of the accident
and there was a
difference in the statements of Mihir and his driver about the accident,
hence the police detained him.  Demanded and
said that he should not be granted bail. The
court has ordered Mihir and his driver to
remain in police custody till 16 July 2024. Let's
wait for the updates. The
court has
also sent Mihir for complete medical examination and blood test.
Meanwhile, a video of Kaveri's husband Pradeep and daughter
Amrita crying with a photo in their hands has gone
viral.
They have demanded death penalty for Mahi
even if she has consumed alcohol, drugs or
Red Bull.
Why did he go into hiding after the accident when he knew he had committed a mistake? He should be given
death penalty.
Maharashtra Chief Minister Eknath
Shinde said no one working under him will be
spared because
in the eyes of the law  All are equal. On July 10,
2024, Chief Minister Shinde expelled Rajesh Shah
from Shiv Sena.
Kaveri's family was devastated and
Chief Minister Shinde has announced financial assistance of Rs 10 lakh.